## The gist:
We (the folks at Lendmate) run Lendmate and would love for you to use it. Our service is free and is designed to give you as much control and ownership over what goes on your site as possible and encourage you to express yourself freely. However, be responsible in what you publish. In particular, make sure that none of the prohibited items listed below appear on your site or get linked to from your site (things like spam, viruses, or hate content).


(Note, this is derived from the [Automattic creative commons terms and conditions](http://en.wordpress/tos/).)

## Terms of Service
The following terms and conditions govern all use of Lendmate and all content, services and products available at or through Lendmate. Lendmate is owned and operated by Neutron Creations. Lendmate is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, Lendmate’s [Privacy Policy](/privacy)) and procedures that may be published from time to time by Lendmate (collectively, the “Agreement”).

Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using Lendmate. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access Lendmate. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by Lendmate, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. Lendmate is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.

## Lendmate Account
If you create an account on Lendmate, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the account. You must not enter information in to your account profile that is misleading or unlawful, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and Lendmate may change or remove any information that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause Lendmate liability. You must immediately notify Lendmate of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. Lendmate will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

## Responsibility of Contributors
If you upload a profile picture, leave reviews, or comments on Lendmate (any such material, “Content”), you are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, audio or video files. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:

- the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
- if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
- you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
- the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
- the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
- the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
- your profile is not named in a manner that misleads viewers into thinking that you are another person or company. For example, your name and profile picture are not the same as that of a person other than yourself or company other than your own.

By submitting Content to Lendmate, you grant Lendmate a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying and promoting Lendmate. If you delete Content, Lendmate will use reasonable efforts to remove it from Lendmate, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.

Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Lendmate has the right (though not the obligation) to, in Lendmate’s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in Lendmate’s reasonable opinion, violates any Lendmate policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of Lendmate to any individual or entity for any reason, in Lendmate’s sole discretion. Lendmate will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.

## Responsibility of Website Visitors
Lendmate has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, posted to Lendmate, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating Lendmate, Lendmate does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Lendmate may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. Lendmate may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. Lendmate disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of Lendmate, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.

## Content Posted on Other Websites
We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which Lendmate links, and that link to Lendmate. Lendmate does not have any control over those websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-Lendmate website or webpage, Lendmate does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Lendmate disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-Lendmate websites and webpages.

## Copyright Infringement
As Lendmate asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by Lendmate violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify Lendmate. Lendmate will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. Lendmate will terminate a visitor’s access to and use of Lendmate if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of Lendmate or others.

## Intellectual Property
This Agreement does not transfer from Lendmate to you any Lendmate or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Lendmate. Lendmate, the Lendmate logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Lendmate are trademarks or registered trademarks of Lendmate or Lendmate’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Lendmate may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of Lendmate grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Lendmate or third-party trademarks.

## Advertisements
Lendmate reserves the right to display advertisements.

## Changes
Lendmate reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to Lendmate following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. Lendmate may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through Lendmate (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

## Termination
Lendmate may terminate your access to all or any part of Lendmate at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your Lendmate account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using Lendmate. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

## Disclaimer of Warranties
Lendmate is provided “as is”. Lendmate and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Lendmate nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that Lendmate will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. If you’re actually reading this, here’s a treat. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, Lendmate at your own discretion and risk.

## Limitation of Liability
In no event will Lendmate, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to Lendmate under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. Lendmate shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

## General Representation and Warranty
You represent and warrant that (i) your use of Lendmate will be in strict accordance with the Lendmate Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of Lendmate will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.

## Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Lendmate, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of Lendmate, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.